
At the moment the script is simply aligning the junction
sequence to the genomic sequences.

Further work is needed to distinguish and deal with the
following cases:

1. Situations where the alignment breaks close to an 
exon/intron boundary. This could arise if the junction 
sequence is in fact a fusion mRNA (no intronic residue),
In this case the true fragile site or region may be 
within the 3'/5' flanking introns of the 5'/3' partner 
genes, and not at all close to the alignment break point.
In this case the coordinates of the fragile site should 
be those of the flanking intron, not the alignment 
break point.

2. Situations in which the alignment breaks well within
an exon or intron. In this case there is better evidence
for corresponding of the alignment break point with the
fragile site. Where there are multiple alignment break
points close together (e.g. from different translocations
of the same gene) a fragile region could be defined around
the cluster.

3. Situations in which the junction sequence aligns to 
the sequence of only one partner of the translocated 
pair. Here the fragile region in the sequence of the
non-aligned partner can't be narrowed down any further
than the coordinates of the gene itself.

